DOCUMENTATION.md, before:

## Installation

Copy Profiler folder to `site/addons` folder

## Usage

### Edit
Please ensure your update form matches the type of login you have. For example, if your logins are set to `username` AND you want the user to be able to change their username, have a `username` form field.

If your login is set to `email`, then your email field should actually be a `username` field as that is what the user name is.

You can also have users change their password if you have two password fields, `password` & `password_confirmation`.

By default the current user is used, but you can pass in either `id` or `username` as parameters to edit that specific user.

#### Uploading 

You can have your users upload files during registration, and when they edit their profile. Add `files="true"` to the appropriate tag (either `user:register` or `profiler:edit_form`) to enable.

Add the appropriate `assets` fields to the `user` fieldset.

With `login_type: username`:
```
{{ profiler:edit_form redirect="/account" files="true" }}
    {{ if errors }}
        <div class="alert alert-danger">
            {{ errors }}
            {{ value }}<br>
            {{ /errors }}
        </div>
    {{ /if }}

    <div class="form-group">
        <label>Username</label>
        <input type="text" name="username" value="{{ old:username or username }}" class="form-control" />
    </div>

    <div class="form-group">
        <label>Email</label>
        <input type="email" name="email" value="{{ old:email or email }}" class="form-control" />
    </div>

    <div class="form-group">
        <label>Password</label>
        <input type="password" name="password" class="form-control" />
    </div>

    <div class="form-group">
        <label>Password Confirmation</label>
        <input type="password" name="password_confirmation" class="form-control" />
    </div>

    <div class="form-group">
        <label>First Name</label>
        <input type="text" name="first_name" value="{{ old:first_name or first_name }}" class="form-control" />
    </div>

    <div class="form-group">
        <label>Last Name</label>
        <input type="text" name="last_name" value="{{ old:last_name or last_name }}" class="form-control" />
    </div>

    <div class="form-group">
        <label>Bio</label>
        <input type="text" name="content" value="{{ old:content or content }}" class="form-control" />
    </div>

    <div class="form-group">
        <label>Profile image</label>
        <input type="file" name="photo" />
    </div>

    <button class="btn btn-primary">Update</button>
{{ /profiler:edit_form }}
```

With `login_type: email`:

```
<div class="form-group">
    <label>Email</label>
    <input type="email" name="username" value="{{ old:username or username }}" class="form-control" />
</div>
```

### Delete

By default the current user is used, but you can pass in an `id` or `username` to delete that specific user.

```
{{ profiler:delete_form :username="username" redirect="/users" }}
    <button class="btn btn-danger">Delete</button>
{{ /profiler:delete_form}}

```

Commit message:

Updated docs for nested values

DOCUMENTATION.md, after:

## Installation

Copy Profiler folder to `site/addons` folder

## Usage

### Edit
Please ensure your update form matches the type of login you have. For example, if your logins are set to `username` AND you want the user to be able to change their username, have a `username` form field.

If your login is set to `email`, then your email field should actually be a `username` field as that is what the user name is.

You can also have users change their password if you have two password fields, `password` & `password_confirmation`.

By default the current user is used, but you can pass in either `id` or `username` as parameters to edit that specific user.

#### Uploading 

You can have your users upload files during registration, and when they edit their profile. Add `files="true"` to the appropriate tag (either `user:register` or `profiler:edit_form`) to enable.

Add the appropriate `assets` fields to the `user` fieldset.

With `login_type: username`:
```
{{ profiler:edit_form redirect="/account" files="true" }}
    {{ if errors }}
        <div class="alert alert-danger">
            {{ errors }}
            {{ value }}<br>
            {{ /errors }}
        </div>
    {{ /if }}

    <div class="form-group">
        <label>Username</label>
        <input type="text" name="username" value="{{ old:username or username }}" class="form-control" />
    </div>

    <div class="form-group">
        <label>Email</label>
        <input type="email" name="email" value="{{ old:email or email }}" class="form-control" />
    </div>

    <div class="form-group">
        <label>Password</label>
        <input type="password" name="password" class="form-control" />
    </div>

    <div class="form-group">
        <label>Password Confirmation</label>
        <input type="password" name="password_confirmation" class="form-control" />
    </div>

    <div class="form-group">
        <label>First Name</label>
        <input type="text" name="first_name" value="{{ old:first_name or first_name }}" class="form-control" />
    </div>

    <div class="form-group">
        <label>Last Name</label>
        <input type="text" name="last_name" value="{{ old:last_name or last_name }}" class="form-control" />
    </div>

    <div class="form-group">
        <label>Bio</label>
        <input type="text" name="content" value="{{ old:content or content }}" class="form-control" />
    </div>

    <div class="form-group">
        <label>Profile image</label>
        <input type="file" name="photo" />
    </div>

    <button class="btn btn-primary">Update</button>
{{ /profiler:edit_form }}
```

With `login_type: email`:

```
<div class="form-group">
    <label>Email</label>
    <input type="email" name="username" value="{{ old:username or username }}" class="form-control" />
</div>
```

#### Nested values

Keep in mind that data in Statmic is either a string or an array. If you have nested values within your user data you have to pass those.

For example your user data looks like this:
```
email: john@doe.com
address:
  first_name: 'John'
  last_name: 'Doe'
  street: 'Doe Street'
  ....
```
Then you have to pass the value within your form in the same structure:

```
 <input type="text" name="address[first_name]" value="{{ old:address:first_name or address:first_name }}" class="form-control" />
```

### Delete

By default the current user is used, but you can pass in an `id` or `username` to delete that specific user.

```
{{ profiler:delete_form :username="username" redirect="/users" }}
    <button class="btn btn-danger">Delete</button>
{{ /profiler:delete_form}}

```
